# Grocery_sales
Grocery sales Analysis to identify new market segments R and Alteryx
In a world where the lines between online, mobile and in-store shopping continue to blur, consumers have become accustomed to having a diverse array of purchasing choices at their disposal, whether at the register or with the click of a mouse or tap of a touch screen. We are so equipped with chores that it becomes challenge to possibly come up with the many hours per week it takes to plan, shop for, and execute meals that are actually good for you? In recent years, meal-subscription services have been offered up as a new solution for this outwardly unimpressive problem. How is the evolution of these meal kit impacting grocery shopping today? How will it impact the grocery store of the future? I tried to understand out which target segment are likely to buy the new fad in town. 
All of these services share common features: they send you every single ingredient (down to pinches of chili flakes and one-ounce bottles of wine) that you need to make a week’s worth of delicious, home-cooked, interesting meals. Most of them pride themselves on selecting produce that’s some combination of ethically sourced, organic, GMO-free, and seasonal. We ran an analysis to figure out the buying trend for different household segments which can result in positive sales for food kit and which stick to conventional grocery shopping. We extracted data from ‘Experian’ using Alteryx and limited our research to ‘14 ‘household segments for our analysis which represented almost the population distribution.  To understand the buying behavior, we chose Supermarket Demand as our target variable to understand who are contributing positively to supermarket grocery sale and vice-versa. A linear regression method after carefully selecting variables using various statistical techniques helped us identify the segments which can be potential target market segment for food delivery kit. 
